vizzly-plugin/plugins/vizzly/README.md, before:

# Vizzly Plugin for Claude Code

> Visual regression testing skills for Claude Code

This plugin teaches Claude how to work with Vizzly. Debug failures, check test status, and learn visual testing best practices - all through natural conversation.

## Installation

### Step 1: Add the marketplace

In Claude Code, run:

```
/plugin marketplace add vizzly-testing/cli
```

This registers the Vizzly plugin marketplace with Claude Code.

### Step 2: Install the plugin

```
/plugin install vizzly@vizzly-marketplace
```

Or use the interactive installer:
1. Run `/plugin`
2. Go to the **Discover** tab
3. Search for "vizzly"
4. Select it and choose your install scope

### Step 3: Restart Claude Code

Skills load on startup. Quit and reopen Claude Code to activate the plugin.

### Verify Installation

After restarting, run `/plugin` and check the **Installed** tab. You should see `vizzly@vizzly-marketplace`.

---

## What's Included

### Skills (Auto-Activated)

Claude automatically uses these when relevant to your conversation:

| Skill | Triggers When You Say... |
|-------|---------------------------|
| **check-visual-tests** | "How are my visual tests?", "What's failing?" |
| **debug-visual-regression** | "Debug the homepage screenshot", "Why is this failing?" |
| **visual-testing-philosophy** | "Where should I add screenshots?", "Best practices?" |
| **vizzly-knowledge** | Background context (always available) |

### Commands (Manual)

| Command | Purpose |
|---------|---------|
| `/vizzly:setup` | Initialize Vizzly in a new project |
| `/vizzly:suggest-screenshots` | Analyze test files for screenshot opportunities |

---

## Usage Examples

**Check test status:**
```
How are my visual tests?
```

**Debug a failure:**
```
The homepage screenshot is failing, can you help debug it?
```

**Get screenshot suggestions:**
```
/vizzly:suggest-screenshots
```

**Set up a new project:**
```
/vizzly:setup
```

---

## How It Works

This plugin is **skills-first, not tools-first**.

Instead of complex MCP servers, the plugin teaches Claude:
- How to read `.vizzly/report-data.json` for test results
- How to view screenshot images with the Read tool
- How to run CLI commands like `vizzly tdd start`
- When and where to add visual tests
- Visual testing best practices

Claude uses its built-in capabilities (Read, Bash, etc.) - the plugin just provides the knowledge.

---

## Requirements

- Claude Code v1.0.33 or later
- Vizzly CLI in your project: `npm install --save-dev @vizzly-testing/cli`

---

## Troubleshooting

**Plugin not showing in Discover tab?**
- Make sure the marketplace was added: `/plugin` → Marketplaces tab
- If missing, run `/plugin marketplace add vizzly-testing/cli` again

**Skills not activating?**
- Restart Claude Code after installing
- Try invoking directly: `/vizzly:check-visual-tests`

**"Server not running" message?**
- Start the TDD server: `vizzly tdd start`
- Run your tests to generate screenshots

---

## For Plugin Developers

To test the plugin locally without installing:

```bash
claude --plugin-dir ./vizzly-plugin/plugins/vizzly
```

---

## License

MIT

Commit message:

✨ Update Claude plugin to v0.3.0 with full CLI support (#205)
## Summary

- Remove MCP references - the plugin is now purely skills-based using
the Vizzly CLI
- Update all CLI commands to match the current Vizzly CLI structure
(v0.27.0)
- Add review commands: `vizzly approve`, `vizzly reject`, `vizzly
comment`
- Add cloud build commands: `vizzly status`, `vizzly builds`, `vizzly
comparisons`
- Add account commands: `vizzly login`, `vizzly logout`, `vizzly
whoami`, `vizzly orgs`, `vizzly projects`
- Add project commands: `vizzly project:select`, `vizzly project:list`,
`vizzly project:token`, `vizzly project:remove`
- Update setup instructions to use the `vizzly project:select` workflow
instead of deprecated commands
- Add "CLI Integration" section to README showing key CLI commands

## Test plan

- [ ] Install plugin locally: `claude --plugin-dir
./vizzly-plugin/plugins/vizzly`
- [ ] Verify skills activate when asking about visual tests
- [ ] Verify CLI commands in knowledge match `vizzly --help` output

vizzly-plugin/plugins/vizzly/README.md, after:

# Vizzly Plugin for Claude Code

> Visual regression testing skills for Claude Code

This plugin teaches Claude how to work with Vizzly. Debug failures, check test status, and learn visual testing best practices - all through natural conversation.

## Installation

### Step 1: Add the marketplace

In Claude Code, run:

```
/plugin marketplace add vizzly-testing/cli
```

This registers the Vizzly plugin marketplace with Claude Code.

### Step 2: Install the plugin

```
/plugin install vizzly@vizzly-marketplace
```

Or use the interactive installer:
1. Run `/plugin`
2. Go to the **Discover** tab
3. Search for "vizzly"
4. Select it and choose your install scope

### Step 3: Restart Claude Code

Skills load on startup. Quit and reopen Claude Code to activate the plugin.

### Verify Installation

After restarting, run `/plugin` and check the **Installed** tab. You should see `vizzly@vizzly-marketplace`.

---

## What's Included

### Skills (Auto-Activated)

Claude automatically uses these when relevant to your conversation:

| Skill | Triggers When You Say... |
|-------|---------------------------|
| **check-visual-tests** | "How are my visual tests?", "What's failing?" |
| **debug-visual-regression** | "Debug the homepage screenshot", "Why is this failing?" |
| **visual-testing-philosophy** | "Where should I add screenshots?", "Best practices?" |
| **vizzly-knowledge** | Background context (always available) |

### Commands (Manual)

| Command | Purpose |
|---------|---------|
| `/vizzly:setup` | Initialize Vizzly in a new project |
| `/vizzly:suggest-screenshots` | Analyze test files for screenshot opportunities |

---

## Usage Examples

**Check test status:**
```
How are my visual tests?
```

**Debug a failure:**
```
The homepage screenshot is failing, can you help debug it?
```

**Get screenshot suggestions:**
```
/vizzly:suggest-screenshots
```

**Set up a new project:**
```
/vizzly:setup
```

---

## How It Works

This plugin is **skills-first, not tools-first**.

The plugin teaches Claude how to work with Vizzly:
- Read `.vizzly/report-data.json` for test results
- View screenshot images with the Read tool
- Run CLI commands like `vizzly tdd start`
- Review and approve visual changes via the CLI
- Understand visual testing best practices

Claude uses its built-in capabilities (Read, Bash, etc.) combined with the Vizzly CLI - the plugin provides the knowledge to use them effectively.

---

## Requirements

- Claude Code v1.0.33 or later
- Vizzly CLI in your project: `npm install --save-dev @vizzly-testing/cli`

---

## Troubleshooting

**Plugin not showing in Discover tab?**
- Make sure the marketplace was added: `/plugin` → Marketplaces tab
- If missing, run `/plugin marketplace add vizzly-testing/cli` again

**Skills not activating?**
- Restart Claude Code after installing
- Try invoking directly: `/vizzly:check-visual-tests`

**"Server not running" message?**
- Start the TDD server: `vizzly tdd start`
- Run your tests to generate screenshots

---

## For Plugin Developers

To test the plugin locally without installing:

```bash
claude --plugin-dir ./vizzly-plugin/plugins/vizzly
```

---

## License

MIT
